My Minsweeper adaptation for the Ti-83 will be text based, and will play on a 7x16 grid. The top line will be reserved for score?
(The top line will be reserved for something)

Basic Components:
-Image for splashscreen ('cuz why the fuck not?) EDIT: no .83i - too advanced - Replace with output finction text
-Bomb position randomizer (pre determone bomb locations and store in variables)
-Cursor component (Use arrow keys to move a charachtor to represent the cursor. Will be displayed with output function and variables.)
-Bomb counter for opened spaces (use variables and math to determine)
-Game loss animation (replace all bombs uncovered+not with a new charahter to represent exploded bomb)
-Bomb flagging system (replace blank square with charachter to represnt flag when user selects it for bomb
-Game loss screen (either .83i or use of output function) EDIT: no .83i - too advanced

Bomb (Exploding)- Asterisk*
Flag- Exclamtion!
Uncharted- 0
Cursor- X




Thoughts:
Plan for bomb position determination- 2 Lists of random numbers in a certain range. use nested loop with random number functions to determine coordinates.
Cursor spawn + movement - Maybie use a getkey loop for (arrow keys) inside a getkey loop for (enter) // to enable movement until a position/tile is selected.
ERR:DOMAIN on cursor print - Speculated Reson -> Value not set beforehand, tried to print at {0,0}. Set value of [V,B] before tracking loop.
Cursor movement is now functional; SILL LEFT TO CORRECT:
-BOUNDARY ----->Change the if movement statemnets to require 2 conitions 1.The Key value(no problem) 2.The value higher/lower than [V/B] will not make it go out of bounds. (Logic and values will differ on each axis/ if statement)
-GOING OVER TILES OTHER THAN "0"S ----->Theory - Not enough variables, so create 3 new lists, one for X value, one for Y value, and one for key value. Reference this information when replacing a tile when the cursor moves off it and replace it with the correct caracter.
	replace autosapwning zeroes with a loop that checks the charachter position lists (L7{X},L8{Y},L9{Pre-Established Charachter Value})
	Edit thoughts:2 values can be stored per list entry. Ex: L1(x) returns Y. 2 variables, 1 entry. Might still not be useful because there can only be one variable per each value of X per list, because the X variable identifies the position on the list.
	probably stick with one variable in one list per each position value, that enables having multiple of each X value and Y value.
	NEW DEVELOPMENT (11/29/18) - Learned to store Text in a string. Can use the string in an output command Ex. 
	:"TEST"->Str1	
	:Output(5,5,Str1
	Will output whatever is stored in Str1 at (5,5) just as if whatever is stored in Str1 was actually in the command.

Discovery- Can not store a number to a list position that does not yet exist (or the one after one that exists)
	Ex. If L3 has two numbers in it (L3(1)=4, L3(2)=7) you cannot store a new value in any position other than L3(1), L3(2), and L3(3). It will return INVALID DIM of you try to do so.

Theory for futureproofed cursor replacement- Use variables that store cursors old position to reference the list (X*Y). Then use the information from the list to store a charachter to a string. Replace the ""0"" in the Output( command.
Reason for error in latest revision is the cursor tracker is not running on the same corrdinate system that the tile placer is. The coordinate system is using 8x16(128 list positions) while the tile spawner is using 7x16(112 list positions). When the tile placer tries to use the information from the position tracker
it references a list position that does not exist, because the list only has 112 positions, and is trying to reference a value higher thn that. usually (8,15) which is list position 120.